Australian I figured secretly you wanted
you know so I told you Australia what's
your great idea the latest in a long
line Australia is no better than here
that's all you mean one thing to me one
English in Australia they do this right
smart guy so it wouldn't be for us
that horse is nostril yeah hell they got
thousands of miles we could hide out in
a good climate nice beaches you could
learn to swim no swimming isn't
important what about the banks very easy
easy ripe and luscious yeah the banks
are the one Oh once you got one
Longway ah everything's got to be
perfect with you I just don't want to
get there and find out it stinks that's
all at least think about it
all right I think hey we go outside we
get to the horses
just remember one what you didn't see
the fours out there did you of course
know how good remote I thought we were
in trouble